Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
Our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number 556. In this episode,
Scott Hall, Amir Rajon about being
a polyglot programmer. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes
today. I'm talking with Amir
Rajon. He was actually on
the show with his number
one iPhone iOS app in
the app store. How is
that app doing? It's doing
well. It's got a really
long tail. This is one
of those weird things where
it's at first. I thought
it was a one and
done, but it's being able
to it's sustaining it's it's
spot. So it's still like
in the top 10 in
the RPG section. It's not
number one anymore, but it's
it's up there. And I
recently deployed to Android and
it hit the number seven
spot overall on Android, but
it's come down since then.
So I have to kind
of see, you know, how
it's gonna, how it's going
to Wade through on Android.
I was just too, too,
too, too soon to tell,
right. That at this point,
that show was kind of
widely circulated and very well
thought of because you were
super transparent about it. And
you're just like, yeah, you
know, this is what it's
like to have a number
one app in the app
store. And I know you
had a partner and you
had some help and there
were some, you know, the
pie gets chopped up, but
did it make you like
a multibillionaire like flappy bird
guy? I can do. I
consider myself a game developer
now that's like, actually my
profession. So when people ask
me, what do I do
for a living and say,
Hey, I'm a game dev
and it doesn't try to
shut down the conversation. Like
I'm a software engineer, right?
The moment you sit here,
suffer engineer. It's like, Oh
God, let's talk about something
else. So I, I actually
say I'm a game dev
I do, I guess, part
time. And then the other
time I do independent consulting
here and there. So when
I have an interesting idea,
I'll, I'll go away and
do some game development. If
not, then I'll keep my
skills sharp and, you know,
go out into the world
and help out, help out
as much as I can.
I actually have a book
now to call surviving the
app store where I basically
take all the wisdom I've
gotten over this three year
period and kind of put
it out there for indie
game developers. That's very, people
should definitely check That out
as well as the podcast.
It really demystified things, especially
from the financial perspective, I
just kind of assumed that
it was like, you know,
50 grand a day and
it just keeps rolling in
and then you just hang
out on a beach and
it's not quite as glamorous
as that, but it is
pretty exciting when millions of
people download it. Yeah, it's
fun. I'm at 2.5 million
downloads at this 0.2 point
5 million. That's amazing. Yep. Half
of those are free, but
2.5 million. So what language
did you write that in?
And that was actually written
in Ruby, which is kind
of weird. I actually started
as a household. Does that
work? So I actually started
in objective C and you
know, I came from C-sharp.
I quit my job decided
to build a video game,
started in objective C. It
was interesting. I learned some
things about objective C, but
then I went to Ruby
and Ruby motion and I
built my game in Ruby
motion. So the games were
built in Ruby. All my
other games were built in
Ruby. Also, I'm starting to
look at Coco's to DX,
which is a C a
C C plus plus a
game framework. And I'm starting
to write actual, like a
Ruby bridge, so C bridge
to Ruby. So I can
continue doing things in Ruby,
but, you know, it's, it's
so weird. Like just, just
how I just to kind
of get into this idea
of, you know, getting through
all these languages. I actually
started doing Ruby as a
build automation tool for C
sharp. So we use something
called albacore. This was back
in 2010, and albacore was
made by the guy that
did a backbone, marionette, his
name, his name is Derek
Bailey, that's it? So Derek
Bailey actually built albacore to
build.net solutions. So my initial,
initial introduction to Ruby wasn't
actually the rails at all.
It was just being a
rubious building objects and constructs
around the concepts of build
and, and building.net solutions. And
so I really liked Ruby
from that standpoint. And then
that's when I decided it
was like, well, you know,
I've done enough of the
corporate stuff. Let me go
out and do some, do
some independent self study and
exploration of, of all these
different, wonderful things out there.
So when I thought of
iPhone development, I just assumed
it was Swift or objective
C, but when you poke
around anywhere, whether it be
Mac or windows or Android
or iPhone, there's always the
main stream thing, the mainstream
language, but then there are
really way more alternate languages
for platforms you wouldn't have
expected. I never would have
said, Oh yeah, Ruby, a
iPhone development, a hundred percent,
you know, but if you
go to Ruby motion.com, you
know, there you are on
the homepage under success stories,
you know, like I'm shocked.
There's a whole universe out
there of people doing Ruby
on iPhone. So does this
mean that pretty much any
language is available on pretty
much any platform? Like people
love their language and they
just do whatever it takes
to make it happen on
that platform. I feel like
it's starting to get that
way. And you know, just,
just even with unity, that's
something that, you know, I
love to look at too.
There's a lot of C-sharp
immunity. Of course that's the
default language, but there's another
thing called Arcadia, which is
a closure wrapper on unity.
So, you know, people are
doing, taking the languages that
they enjoy working with and
bringing it to the platforms
that they want to work
in. And it's really cool
to see that. I think,
I think that wouldn't be
the case. I would, I
would even say like 10
years ago where that would
just be very difficult. You
just have the language and
the platform you want to
work in. You have to
use language X, Y, Z,
and there was no real
option outside of that. So
it's, it's cool. It's really
neat to see that there's
another language called Kotlin, which
is being used on Android.
I haven't personally taken a
look at it, but you
have these, all these small
little examples of people bringing
in languages that they care
about. And they like working
in to the platforms that
they want to work in.
Yeah. I'll although I would
have to, I mean, acting
as kind of the advocate
for the people who are
listening right now, cause I'm
kind of their, their voice,
you know, they are hearing
Caitlyn Closure, groovy. It might
sound pretty foreign as they're
driving to their, their text
boxes over data job that
they're doing right now in
whatever language they've been doing
for the last five or
10 years, it, they might
be thinking, you know, I'm
not really that person, I'm
not the computer science, fancy
learn a multiple language type
thing. You know, they read
all these blog posts about
be a polyglot. I'm using
five languages every day and
it sounds exhausting. It can
be. And it, and for
me, I guess just being
an independent consultant, that's, that's
kind of the burden I
have to take upon myself.
I, I have to just
being a lone developer quote,
unquote, beat the averages. There's
a, there's an essay on
hackers and painters. And it's
about beating the averages. He
specifically talks about lists as
as 11 years. I think
Brad Abrams talks about Louis
bezel language and how he
built the Yahoo checkout to,
or he built a checkout
system that competed with Yahoo's
checkout system and list while
everyone else was doing things
in C and how quickly
he was able to create
great, this kind of stuff
was, it was amazing. They,
they actually, there were points
where people were saying you
are stealing our code, or
you've got some kind of
insider mole that is telling
you what our features are,
because there's no way that
you could have built XYZ
that quickly. So from a
personal standpoint, I have to
beat the averages. I have
to look for best of
breed and think about ideas
and, you know, different ways,
just, just so I can
bring that expertise to, you
know, a company that might
be trying to integrate two
languages together or try to
adopt, they do an acquisition.
And they're like, okay, well,
we've got this code base
in language X, and we
have this other code base
language Z and two teams
that don't know how to
communicate. And you know, across
that language gap, how do
we, what do we do?
How do we make this
merger successful? So for me,
it's, it's a personal, personal
effort that I have to
put You did. I want
to slow down one second
though. You did say you
kind of threw out hackers
and painters. Are you referring
to Paul Graham's book? Paul
Graham's book. Sorry. Yeah, not
Brad Abrams. Paul Graham That's okay.
Yeah. So hackers and painters,
big ideas in the computer
age is a series of
essays by Paul Graham. And it's
available on Kindle for just
a couple of bucks. Yep.
And there's a specific essay
in there called beating the
average. Yep. So I see,
I see. Do you think
that it's the world's getting
split into the polyglot and
the non polyglot? Cause you
know, when I, when I
travel, I meet people, there
was this joke. I say,
where was I? I was
in Paris and they were
talking about how, you know,
if you're, you can be
bilingual or trilingual or you
can be American, right. That's
like, that's kind of the
way of thinking. It is
the world splitting like that,
where there's people who speak
Java Python, Scala, node C-sharp,
and then there's sharp developers.
I think the, the amount
of language that you need
to know to consider herself
a polyglot, I think that
bar has dropped personally for
me. So it's not about
knowing all the inner workings
of, of let's say Ruby,
Ruby, and the even class
and how to, how to
get method missing, to do
exactly what you want. Right.
That's, that's a lot of
depth there for a specific
language. So for me, it's
kind of like you can
use the language well enough
to perform an non-trivial task.
So can you, my definition
for, well, enough might be,
can you expose a rest
API that saves to a
data store of some type
and can you do that
automatically in that language and
speak to speak to, you
know, whatever approach that might
be. So I think that's
a component of it being
able to, there's a lot
of information online now, too.
So I think that really
helps generally speaking in knowing
a language quote unquote, well
enough. So that helps lower
that lower, that barrier to
entry and lower that bar.
Yeah. What is well enough
though? Right. Like, you know,
I took four or five
years of Spanish in high
school and I can order
Chipotle like a beast. But
if we start talking about
like, like, what is it
like, you know, past present
participle or whatever, you know,
like I would have possibly
in the future maybe have
done this tense, then it's
like, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa. You
know, and I feel the
same way when I start
using JavaScript. Right. And it's
subjective from that standpoint for
me, as far as when
I try to pick up
a new language, first thing
I'll do is read the
language spec right here. What's
the language specification, what are
they trying to convey from
the language? What's the high
level ideas of the language
itself. And then after that,
I've got a suite of
sample that had built out.
One of them is like
a word finder. Basically I
build a website, you put
in some random characters, like
a red jacks or some
question marks saying that it
contains starts with an a,
has five characters ends with
the Z gives me all
the words that are available
in that, in that, in
that vicinity primarily just so
I can beat my wife
at words with friends. So
that's, that's kind of one
of my sample apps that
I build out in a
specific language. And I say,
okay, well, can I build
the sample up as far
as well enough? I think
I've kind of gone to
parts where if you have,
I'd say 160 hours of
development with that language, so
a good month of full
time development in that language,
you're, you're at a nontrivial
point of understanding and being
able to speak to that
language. That seems quite surprisingly
short. Yeah. And, and it
goes back to that bar,
right? I'm not saying that
you have to be exceptional
and just know the inner
workings of a specific language
it's it's about, you can
speak to it at a
nontrivial level and do something,
do something with it, write
it more than just print
out. Hello world. I sometimes
split up what I, I
think about it in context
of what I need to
know, what I should know,
what would be nice to
know, and then what starts
to get trivia, you know,
if I kind of draw
and I have to just
draw a line, I have
to decide, I am not
going to be esoteric Swift
language person. Right. Right. And
that's fair. And even, even
with my own, when I
decided to pick a language
to learn it's there's components
to it, there's, it's not
just about the, the study,
the language. I still consider
myself extremely proficient in quote,
unquote, expert level at C
sharp Ruby and JavaScript. Those
are my three most marketable
languages. I have proficiency. I
would say I'm, you know,
intermediate proficient intermediately proficient in
like F sharp enclosure. But
those fall at a they're
at a different level than,
than with C sharp. But
I can speak to people,
you know, in, in each
one of those languages and
paradigms. And you just have
to, sometimes you gotta pick
and as you learn more
languages, you get better at
kind of figuring out, wait,
what other languages I learned?
So an example would be,
I know Ruby really well.
I can learn Python, but
I could probably gain more
from learning a different language
just because Ruby and Python
were kind of close to
each other. There are there
differences, but I will sharpen
Java. Exactly, exactly. So, you
know, you just get better
at better at doing stuff.
Now, like specifically with Java
script, that has been a
bittersweet. I have a, I
have a love, hate relationship
with JavaScript and, you know,
it's, it's that tricky area.
Where do I, so just
to touch on some of
aspects of organizing language, do
I see JavaScript as a
class oriented language or do
I see it as a
functional language? So I try
to emphasize using the word
class oriented because saying object
oriented seems too general to
me. And especially with the
experience that I have now.
So a Java, so a
class, I see a class
as a, me as a
factory method for generating an
object. It's a specific type
of method. It's a specific
type of technique for generating
an object. But at the
end of the day, generally
speaking a class is a
means to generate an object.
So you can generate an
object through a function. You
can generate an object arbitrarily
through maybe some form of
reflection. There's so many different
ways to generate an object,
a class being one of
them. So when I look
at JavaScript is JavaScript right
now, JavaScript, IES, or
old school JavaScript. Now, what
is that? It's a complete
mess, but what can it
be? Is it a classroom
to language or is it
a functional language? And then
that's when you, that's, when
you get kind of in
both philosophical aspects of how
you perceive languages. And for
me, Java script fell more
into a functional language. That's
why I try to do
more closure script or pure
script or Elm, as opposed
to maybe, you know, ECMO
2016 or 2016 or TypeScript.
But that's, it, it gets,
you start delving into the
depths of what, where you
want to see the language
go. Well, let's, let's talk
a little bit about the,
the mindset and the thinking
about people who do well
as polyglots and people who
don't do you think that
people use the base language
that they start from and
then look for parallels. And
they say, Oh, well this,
this structure, this language construct
in language Fu is like,
is like, C-sharp. Cause I
speak that. Or if they
started with JavaScript or they
learned a particular language first,
they would set themselves up
for success more than if
they learn to know The
language. Yes. And that's exactly
how I approached it. So
with C sharp being my
first language, I went to
Ruby and I try to
write, it's a, it's a
part of growing with the
language, but I try to
write C sharp and Ruby.
So I was like, Oh,
I'm going to create a
IOC container for Ruby. And
only after a while that
I realized, well, dependency, injection
is a thing in Ruby,
and you can do that,
but you don't need an
IOC container and Ruby. So
that was one of those
things where you, you, you
get some growing pains and
then you, your mind starts
bending and opening up to
different, different approaches to language.
And that it's, it's good
and bad. You bring the
baggage, but also you bring
the perspective. So then when
you go back to your
language, you can, you can
speak to you. You can
speak in different ways or
in different contexts. I like
to compare it to let's
say. And so in Urdu,
that's another language that I
speak. Jimmy clear Hulu is
a language, language, not a
programming language. Yes. There was
a language language. And inter
interestingly enough, it's like Hindi,
except it uses the Arabic
alphabet as opposed to the
Hindi alphabet set. So when
someone says they can speak
in Hindi, I can understand
them for the most part,
unless they, you, unless they're
doing extremely, you know, thesis
level doctoral level esoteric can
be, I can, I can
converse with them. But when,
when talking about family members,
there are very specific ways
that you introduce a family
member. So it's not like,
Oh, this is my uncle.
This is my aunt. You
would, you would introduce them
as, Oh, this is my
father's youngest brother or, or
my wife's brother. Brother-in-law's sister.
There's, there's very specific words
for, for denoting one person
another. So when you get,
so just from me, understanding,
understanding, I have, I have,
I guess, almost a, a
underlying appreciation for the relationships,
different family members have as
opposed to just being an
aunt or uncle. And I
think that that holds true
for language is also when
you start looking at different
languages, some suddenly it means
something to say, Oh, this
is a Singleton method. Or
this is a class method
or an instance method, as
opposed to just a static
method or, or, or object
methadone in class. So those,
those things you bring back
and you're able to explore
a bit more, The, the
does the PR is the
parallel, really a good parallel
between speaking a, a speaking,
a language, a human language
and learning, and in quote,
unquote speaking, a programming language.
Cause like, I feel like
I speak like a child
in Spanish. So then if
I learned Python, I feel
like I will be speaking
like a child for, for
a while, until it clicks.
There is parallel primarily if,
if not, if not at
the syntactical level, like speaking,
forming sentences, once you start
getting into the aspect of
why does this language exist,
or why do people code
in this language? You start
getting into the deeper aspects
of the philosophy of the
language itself. So, you know,
like with ortho, there is
a heavy emphasis on, on
maybe familial bonds. Or I
think Mandarin has a very
specific means of saying some
things in the future. So
you can't, you can't just
say, Oh, I'll eventually do
this. You have to be
very specific or you can
be more specific about when
you plan to do this.
And I think that makes,
makes them people that know
Mandarin probably better savers because
they are better planners because
they know they have to
be more specific about those
things. So when, when I
look at a language, it,
yeah, there's some, some syntactical
aspects of it. And those
things grow with grow with
time, as you learn, as
you use the language more.
So, yeah. You'll start off
with very simple sentences. You
may expand on that, but
focusing in on why that
language exists or what's the
philosophy idiomatic about this language?
I think that really helps.
There's a, there's a great
talk by rich Hickey called
simple, made easy it's about
closure and he talks about
closure a little bit and
there, but he speaks to
why closure? Why is it,
why did you build the
language? What systematic about it?
You have Matsumoto who did
a Ruby. He cares about,
you know, developer happiness. That
was one of the reasons
why I developed that language.
And how is that conveyed
through the language itself? So
there's a community component to,
to these kinds of systems
and these languages that exist.
What do you say to
people who have a fear
that to learn these new
languages? Because just like I'm
ashamed to use my, my
Spanish in public because I
will sound like, I don't
know what I'm doing. It
can be a little overwhelming
to see this amazing rich
community of people speaking a
language and then, or learning
a programming language. And then,
you know, you're going to
ask a dumb question. I
think we, we underestimate ourselves
as a developer, as developers.
And I it's, I think
a aspect of empowerment saying
that, you know, it's okay,
you'll learn the language. It's
a different paradigm. There's, don't
feel defeated and just work
with it. You're a professional.
You're really smart. Especially if
you're a developer, chances are,
you're smarter than a regular
human being. At least I'd
like to think so. So,
you know, don't, don't sell
yourself self sort from that
standpoint and just be open
to it. Like an example
that I've, I've really struggled
with personally is trying to
convey, you know, someone picking
up, picking up F sharp,
if they know C sharp.
And again, just, just for
the audience that maybe listening
to this, I know a
lot of people emphasize the
F sharp aspect of it
saying, Oh, it's a functional
language. That's why you want
to learn it. Maybe a
different, a different premise would
be well, think of F
sharp as providing more of
a spectrum to, to options
that you may not find
in C sharp. So in
C sharp, you have value
types and you have reference
types. You can create a
class, you can create a
value type and you can
create an extension method, but
that's kind of your, your
spectrum. And I've sharp. You
have a bit of an
evolution. You can, you can
create a value type. You
can create a tool. You
can create a discriminated union,
which is a little bit
more complex. You can create,
you can create a record
type, which is another step
in that spectrum. And you
can create a class, which
is the final, final step.
It's like bringing the Canon
to a, to a gunfight
maybe. But that evolutionary aspect
is intrinsic in the language.
And it's going to be
intrinsic in yourself, learning a
specific language, same thing with
Ruby. You start with the
bare class that has one
method, Oh, just a line
in there, you know, puts
a little world. Then you
create a function and it's
a bear method. It hangs
off a Colonel. You don't
see, you don't have to
know that while using it.
You can just create a
bare method and then you
create a module and then
you create a class. So
that evolution exists. And you'll
find, you'll find those evidence.
You'll find that kind of
evidence or those aspects of
language where it will let
you start small and then
grow with it. Where do
you think people should start?
Is there an ideal first
language It's dependent on what
language you already know? So
for C sharp, if you
know, C sharp learn statically
type functional language F sharp
is familiar from the perspective
you can use the BCL,
that's a great language to
get into. Then you might
want to try maybe objective
C just to kind of
see what a message based
language looks like. It's still
kind of statically typed, but
you know, it gives you
an option to kind of
explore message passing and how
that works. If you're a
Ruby developer, I wouldn't recommend
C sharp, maybe JavaScript just
to see a weekly type
language that has some functional
components. If you know, JavaScript
suddenly, you know, TypeScript, he
has 2016 pure script at
those all become options. So
there's, there's that progression that
familiarity that you have to,
you have to be a
part of, to, to really,
really work towards. So yeah,
if you're a C sharp
developer, Ruby probably wouldn't be
the best language to learn
right off the bat because
there's so many differences there.
And it's, it's a matter
of finding that progression. I'll
I have an actual, a
link or just that kind
of has pads to learning
a new language and I'll,
and I'll put, I'll give
that to you. So you
can share that in your,
in your show notes, but
yeah, it really depends on
what language you're coming from.
How much is the language
and how much is the
environment? Cause sometimes I find
I'll spend more time with
the, how to bring in
new libraries and how to
figure out how PI, you
know, where Python puts all
its stuff. Yeah. I think,
I think there's a lot
of online, online information. I
think that's seriously helped it.
The Lennox subsystem on windows
10, I think that's gonna
help leaps and bounds on
people picking up a new
language. It's it is a
component though, when I first
started learning Ruby, that was
the first time I've ever
been out of visual studio.
So I went whole hog
and went them against my
better judgment, but I did
it and I am the
editor, the editor, the editor,
and then even the editor
was great. I now use
Emacs, which is again, a
whole nother story, but I
still use VIN bindings. So
the motion keys and the
ability to manipulate languages through
that consistent set of bindings
made it a lot easier.
But yeah, there's, it's their
pain points and you just
kinda have to work through
them and you might want
to pick an editor that's
that has quote unquote batteries
included like sublime add electron
based cider, like vs code.
Those things will help, but
there's a growing pain there
and you just kind of
have to work with it.
As you, as you go
through, You say batteries included,
you're saying fine, you know,
decide how much handholding you
want your editor. Yeah. Do
you want it to hide
things from you or do
you want to learn those
things and then choose to
have them hidden from you
and, and know that no,
that eventually, eventually you'll, depending
on what I guess, depending
on how you think you
may want to dig into
how the editor works or
really fine tune it, that's
kind of my progression to,
you know, why I use
a ridiculous header, like Emacs,
because that's kind of how
my brain works. I like
to tinker. And that was
the one editor that let
me tinker out a very,
very, all the way down,
right. At the, at the
lowest level, I can change,
you know, key bindings and
make them do ridiculous things.
And, and actually co-manager from
that standpoint, but it's, it's
one of those things that
will help it. So one
thing learn editor that you
can maybe take with you.
I think, I think that
can make things a lot
easier. And then of course
the Linux subsystem OSX, or
just using a virtual machine
virtualization, virtualized environments, all those
things really help. You're going
to put together a list
of, you said you have
a, just, that has some
of your thoughts. Yes. Yeah.
I have adjusted basically evolution
of like, if I know
language X, what would be
a, what language I learned
that I'll have a high
success of, of actually being
able to be proficient. So
almost a language tree in
the sense of, I know
Spanish, I should go and
learn French now as opposed
to I know Spanish should.
Yeah, exactly, exactly Interesting. That
that's actually, it would be
an extremely useful thing because
I think that there are
people who decide to go
from, you know, English to
finish and they are completely
different languages, but if they
took a couple of stepping
stones, they might find their
way to those languages a
little more easily. Yeah. And
from my perspective, it's, there's
an aspect of learning a
language for the sake of
learning language. But I do,
I do understand, I do
empathize with the aspect of,
you know, I'm not using
this on my day job.
What benefit do I, does
it really bring to me?
And it's a component you
have to think about that.
Is it really worth learning
Swift if you're primarily doing
backend, you know, dot net
development, or is it worth
learning a Ruby, if all
you're doing is mobile and
might not be worth it.
So there's there's aspects that
have to be away from
that perspective. But generally speaking,
I think learning a new
language, especially in a different
paradigm emphasis on that makes
you a better developer. It
really does. It lets you
think differently. It lets you
kind of maybe even bring
back some good things from
that language or the ecosystem,
just the tooling or the
philosophies that they, that they
have with, with a large
SWAT of things, project structure,
dependency management, et cetera, et
cetera. So I think it
just makes you a better
developer. And have you, You
found that as you got
to the point where you
are competent in multiple languages,
that you're more likely to
just dive in to the
next language. It much easier.
It becomes Really, really easy
to jump into the net
next language. The other, the
downside is that you start
hating every language too. So
you'll, you'll start looking at
a language like, man, I
wish it had a, you
know, C sharps type inference
or F sharps I type
in ferns or man, I
wish, I wish it was,
wasn't so painful to create,
you know, this poco object
or plain old CLR object
or plain old object or,
Oh, why can't reflection work
a little bit better or
a reflection is too good.
You know, all those different
variations come into play then.
And so you started hating
languages, all of them, you
just start hating all of
them and you have multiple
personality disorder. You have multiple
personality disorder. Yeah, yeah. You,
yeah. Multiple personality disorder, what
languages there'll be situations where
I'll be doing some, some
C-sharp code and I'll use
dynamic. And I don't think
about it now. And it's
like, Oh, I'm just gonna,
you know, use the dynamic
keyword here. I'm use an
expando object or something because
I don't want to go
with, I don't want to
deal with making a type.
And I don't think too
much about what kind of
other implications that could have
on the code base where
people reading the code base.
So it gets kind of
weird. Yeah. Well, I, I
appreciate this. I, I hope
that people who are listening
maybe who only know one
language will go and give
it a try and pick
something that is, you know,
possible, you know, if they
picked something that as, you
know, if you know, C
sharp, maybe learn a little
Java or learn a little
Swift, something that is a,
a friendly curly brace language
and then move your way
to another one. Yeah. And
I have a, I have
a, just a quasi funny
story or interesting story with
regards to real languages or
learning real languages. And I,
I find it interesting. I
don't think it's in any
way related maybe, but during
the colonization of, of India
with, with a British coming
in, they were, they would
come down and, you know,
they'll have Indian servants that
would, would cater to what
they needed during the colonization
period. And they didn't know
Hindi at all. So there
was the interesting thing that
came out was that you
would have linguists that would
train British people to speak
an, an English sentence and
then quote, unquote, magically have
someone that doesn't speak English,
do something for them. So
an example was when you
say there was a Brown
Crow, literally, meaning there was
a Brown Crow, like a
bird, someone would close the
door or the servant would
close the door for you
because there was a Brown
Crow is almost a cognate
for the , which means
close the door. And there
was a cold day means
there was a cold day.
Right. But it also means
open the door and in
Hindi. So there were like
these really interesting cognates almost,
or transitions between languages that
you see and you kind
of, you, you kind of
get a feel for, for
those kinds of same cold
corollaries between between one language,
to another One programming language
to another. So I figured
that was just a nice
story to tell. Was it
just those kinds of things
happen a lot? They are
confusing. I think though that
you've, you've, you've, you've made
me feel like I'll be
able to go out there
and be more bold and
try new languages and maybe
not be afraid to say
like  whatever. Right. Just
go for it and just
go for it. I think
that's, that's the other aspect
of it, you know, explore.
There's plenty of information out
there. And generally speaking, the
communities are very helpful. Yeah.
Well, I appreciate you chatting
with me today. Yeah, definitely
versus been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again. Sweet. .